Add validation plugin (#2)
agileshaw/snap-openstack: sunbeam-python/sunbeam/plugins/validation/README.md

# Validation

This plugin provides OpenStack Integration Test Suite: tempest for Sunbeam. It is based on [tempest-k8s](https://opendev.org/openstack/sunbeam-charms/src/branch/main/charms/tempest-k8s) and [tempest-rock](https://github.com/canonical/ubuntu-openstack-rocks/tree/main/rocks/tempest) project.

## Installation

> To enable the cloud validtion, you need an already bootstraped Sunbeam instance. Then, you can install the plugin with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable cloud validation, you need an already bootstrapped Sunbeam instance. Then, you can install the plugin with:
```

Author: Nice catch! I am surprised `codespell` did not catch this (or maybe I did not use it correctly...).

```bash
sunbeam enable validation
```

This plugin is also related to `observability` plugin.

## Contents

This plugin will install [tempest-k8s](https://opendev.org/openstack/sunbeam-charms/src/branch/main/charms/tempest-k8s), and provide command line interface: `sunbeam validate` to your Sunbeam deployment. Additionally, if you enable `observability` plugin, you will also get periodic cloud validation feature from this plugin. The periodic cloud validation results can be seen in the Grafana dashboard.

## Removal

To remove the plugin, run:

```bash
sunbeam disable validation

> ```

Reviewer: Nice clear docs :+1:
